README.md, before:

# WeatherApp

Short introduction or overview that explains **what** the project is. This description should match descriptions added for package managers (Gemspec, package.json, etc.)

This project is a team based project brought to you by [Chingu](https://chingu.io/) and is a team in Voyage-23.

# Table of Contents
+ [Features](#features)
+ [Motivation](#motivation)
+ [Requirements](#Requirements)
+ [Getting Started](#getting-started)
+ [Usage](#usage)
+ [References](#reference)
+ [Contributors](#Contributors)
+ [License](#license)

## Features

Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out **how** your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.

## Motivation

A short description of the motivation behind the creation and maintenance of the project. This should explain **why** the project exists.

## Requirements

This section is optional if there isn't any special dependencies. Else a bulletlist will suffice, e.g.,
+ [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)
+ [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
+ [body-parser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/body-parser)
+ [express](https://expressjs.com/)
+ [OpenWeatherMap](https://openweathermap.org/)


## Installation or Getting Started

Provide code examples and explanations of how to get the project, e.g.,

	git clone https://github.com/chingu-voyages/v23-toucans-team-02.git
    cd README.md
    npm install
    nodemon app.js

Open browser and go to: http://localhost:3000

## Usage

Show how to use the project or library.

## Reference

+

Depending on the size of the project, if it is small and simple enough the reference docs can be added to the README. For medium size to larger projects it is important to at least provide a link to where the API reference docs live.

## Contributors

Let people know how they can dive into the project, include important links to things like issue trackers, irc, twitter accounts if applicable.

## License



**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

Commit message:

Display Current Temp on Landing page
1. Fix
    a. Removed a significant amount of code and references using node.js
    b. created weather.js to obtain data from API source

README.md, after:

# WeatherApp

Short introduction or overview that explains **what** the project is. This description should match descriptions added for package managers (Gemspec, package.json, etc.)

This project is a team based project brought to you by [Chingu](https://chingu.io/) and is a team in Voyage-23.

# Table of Contents
+ [Features](#features)
+ [Motivation](#motivation)
+ [Requirements](#Requirements)
+ [Getting Started](#getting-started)
+ [Usage](#usage)
+ [References](#reference)
+ [Contributors](#Contributors)
+ [License](#license)

## Features

Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out **how** your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.

## Motivation

A short description of the motivation behind the creation and maintenance of the project. This should explain **why** the project exists.

## Requirements

This section is optional if there isn't any special dependencies. Else a bulletlist will suffice, e.g.,

+ [OpenWeatherMap](https://openweathermap.org/)


## Installation or Getting Started

Provide code examples and explanations of how to get the project, e.g.,

	git clone https://github.com/chingu-voyages/v23-toucans-team-02.git
    cd README.md

    
Open browser and go to the location of index.html

## Usage

Show how to use the project or library.

## Reference

+

Depending on the size of the project, if it is small and simple enough the reference docs can be added to the README. For medium size to larger projects it is important to at least provide a link to where the API reference docs live.

## Contributors

Let people know how they can dive into the project, include important links to things like issue trackers, irc, twitter accounts if applicable.

## License



**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**
